Ring combos are effects that can occur when two or more rings are worn.
Combos differ from effect stacking in that the effects are unique, not
just an increase in the effect strength. There are combos that affect
the sword, bombs, boomerang, feather, item pickups, punching, and even
some collision properties.

Combo Effects:
    1:  Infinite Magic Boomerang:
        The Magic Boomerang can be controlled as long as the button is held down.

    2:  Max speed Boomerang:
        The boomerang will move across the screen as fast as an object is allowed to move.

    3:  Remote Bombs:
        Bombs don't explode until you press the bomb button again.

    4:  Instant Bombs:
        Bombs explode instantly.

    5:  Mining Bombs:
        Causes bombs to dig up any earth within the explosion radius.
        Great when combined with Red and Gold Joy Rings when farming for Rupees.
        NOTE: Must have acquired the shovel.

    6:  Joyful Alchemy:
        Double the number of ammo created by the Alchemy ring.
        Wearing both Green Joy and Gold Joy will quadruple the amount.

    7:  Joyful Recovery:
        Double the number of hearts recovered by the Heart rings.
        Wearing both Blue Joy and Gold Joy will quadruple the amount.

    8:  Dolphin Link:
        Enables use of most items while swimming in shallow water(including the feather).
        Link must first dive so he appears as a shadow(prevents players from jumping whirlpools).

    9:  Acrobat Link:
        Landing on an enemy causes Link to vault off them into the air.

    10: Expert Acrobat Link:
        Landing on an enemy causes Link to vault off them into the air, while stunning them.

    11: Kenpo Master Link:
        Allows Link to destroy various types of tiles with his fists.
        Enables much of the game to be traversed without pausing to swap items.
        NOTE: Must have acquired specific items to destroy specific tiles.
            Small tree    - Ember Seeds
            Bush/Pot/Rock - Bracelet
            Dirt mound    - Shovel
            Cracked walls - Bombs

    12: Hadouken:
        Punching shoots a fireball that burns enemies on contact.
        NOTE: Must have acquired the Slingshot or Seed Shooter.

    13: Hurricane Spin:
        Spin-attack 15 times while being able to move, but get dizzy once it ends.

    14: Enter the SHMUP:
        Hold charged sword to continually fire sword beams.

    15: Become the Beamos:
        Up to 3 sword beams on screen at once.




DO NOT LOOK PAST THIS LINE IF YOU WANT TO FIGURE THE COMBOS OUT FOR YOURSELF




Combo Requirements:
    1:  Rang Ring L-1 + Rang Ring L-2
    2:  Haste Ring + Rang Ring L-1 or L-2  or
        Toss Ring  + Rang Ring L-1 or L-2
    3:  Peace Ring + Bombers Ring
    4:  Haste Ring + Bombproof Ring
    5:  Blast Ring + Discovery Ring
    6:  Alchemy Ring + Green Joy Ring  or
        Alchemy Ring +  Gold Joy Ring  or
        Alchemy Ring + Green Joy Ring + Gold Joy Ring
    7:  Heart Ring L-1 and/or L-2 + Blue Joy Ring  or
        Heart Ring L-1 and/or L-2 + Gold Joy Ring  or
        Heart Ring L-1 and/or L-2 + Blue Joy Ring + Gold Joy Ring
    8:  Zora Ring  + Swimmer's Ring or
        Zora Ring  + Roc's Ring     or
        Roc's Ring + Swimmer's Ring
    9:  Roc's Ring + Steadfast Ring
    10: Roc's Ring + Steadfast Ring + Expert's Ring
    11: Expert's Ring + Fist Ring
    12: Expert's Ring + Energy Ring
    13: Spin Ring   + Charge Ring
    14: Energy Ring + Charge Ring
    15: Energy Ring + Light Ring L-1 or L-2